decisions come in all flavors. They're big decisions and small decisions.
Sometimes the decision comes in just deciding what needs to be on
a flight schedule. Other times, it can revolve around deciding what
type of rankings you're gonna put Ford for your junior officers. I
mean, some of them are very innocuous on you can't believe you're making
him. So you might make help. Make a decision on the who's gonna
be allowed to park in the nearest parking lot, which seems ridiculous.
But it is nonetheless something that has to be discussed. Other
times you need to make it. You need to help make a decision on when
is the best time Thio switch hangers from one type of, ah, 11 side
of the base to another, which is not not a small thing to decide because
it requires an entire squadron for move to one place to another.
So there's not all types of decisions. There's not specifically one
type that you will look. You would experience summer easy summer more
difficult and require Cem Cem deliberation. Okay,